like pick a man bring your kit I hoped
today might be a good day hope is a
dangerous thing you have a brother in
the second Battalion yes sir they're
walking into a trap
your orders are to deliver a message
calling off tomorrow morning's attack
if you fail
it will be a massacre let's talk about
this room minutes why
we've got August across here that is the
German frontline if we're not clever
about this no one will get to your
brother
Oh will
[Music]
there's only one way this ends
Last Man Standing
[Music]
ranae's it ain't moving come on
we possibly make it that way man you
bloody insane
[Music]
if you don't get there in time
we will lose 1,600 men no brother among
them good luck
you